The answers to these questions will provide a summary describing your groups idea for a project, why your group picked it, and how you picked it. 

Assign each team member a few of the following questions to answer. Each team member should have at least two questions that they answer.

Make sure you make a commit note describing what you are adding or changing each time you commit to the document.

Questions:

1. What is your project idea (as decided by your team and approved by your teacher)?

Our project idea that we decided on is to make custom design bed sets.


2. What what kind of web site is it (Community, Existing Industry, Startup)?

Our website is a startup website.


3. What problem does your project solve?

The problem our project solves is that there aren’t too many websites that let people customize their bed sheets, blankets, pillow cases, etc. the way they want them.


4. Is it a “vitamin” or a “painkiller”? Why?

Our product is a vitamin because it’s something people want, but they don't need it.


5. How does your project solve the problem?

Our website provides a way for customers to customize their bed sets however they want them.


6. Is your idea similar to another product? If so, how is your idea better/different (what is your “secret sauce” as described in the video)?

We have seen custom bed set websites, but most bed set customizers only allow you to customize the colors, etc.


7. Describe the likely users of your web site.

Our likely users of our website are parents as well as adults who are fanpeople because our website includes favorite characters from movies or comics as design options for customers' bed sets or their children's bed sets.


8. Is the idea simple as described in the How To Choose Business Ideas video?

Yes, our project idea is simple because it can be explained in a sentence like, “Unlike most custom bed set websites, our custom bed set website allows you to customize many unique designs besides customizing colors.”


9. Is your idea in a growing market or mature market (see video on Growing Markets)?

Our idea is in a mature market because custom design bed set websites have already been created.


10. How did you come up with this idea? Describe the process.

We came up with this idea when we were unable to customize our bed sets with characters from our favorite comics and movies like we wanted.


11. What other ideas were candidates?

An online custom design clothing website was a candidate because we also wanted to make our own designs for clothes.


12. Why did you pick this idea over the other candidates?

We picked our idea of an online custom design bed set website over the idea of an online custom design clothing website because there are already plenty of existing websites that allow customers to design their own clothes any way they want.
